docs(iam): Add troubleshooting section for SCIM Configueration (#6704)
scaleway/docs-content: pages/iam/how-to/configure-scim-for-entra-id.mdx

> 1. In **Provision Microsoft Entra ID Users**, click **Edit** for `userName`.

Author: ```suggestion
1. In the **Manage** menu, click **Attribute mapping**.
```

1. In **Provision Microsoft Entra ID Users**, click **Edit** for `userName`.
2. Select **Expression** in **Mapping type**.
3. Enter the following expression: `Item(Split([userPrincipalName], "@"), 1)`, then click **Ok**.

> ## Troubleshooting issues

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Troubleshooting - Error 404
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> ### Error 400

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> Entra can sometimes complain that some path is not supported by Scaleway's SCIM implementation. For example Entra might show errors like the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Microsoft Entra ID can return an error indicating that a path is not supported by Scaleway's SCIM implementation.
For example, Entra ID might show an error like the following:
```

```
HTTP 400

unsupported path for operation Add: displayName
```

> This type of errors indicate that Entra is trying to reconcile data that Scaleway does not understand. To fix this, follow the next steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This type of error indicates that Entra ID is trying to reconcile data that Scaleway does not understand. To fix this issue, follow these steps:
```

> 1. Click **Attribute mapping** under the **Manage** menu.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In the **Manage** menu, click **Attribute mapping**.
```

Author: If we're changing that, we might want to also change it in the `Disable name.formatted` section right above, I copied the text since it's the same section. What do you think?

Reviewer: Yes you are absolutely right, we need to change the other section too.

2. Click **Provision Microsoft Entra ID Users**.
     This section controls how Entra ID attributes map to Scaleway SCIM fields.

> 3. Find the element EntraID complained about. In the previous example, find the line for which the `Microsoft Entra ID Attribute` column reads `displayName`, then click **Delete**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Find the attribute that Entra ID flagged in the error. In the previous example, find the line where the `Microsoft Entra ID Attribute` column reads `displayName`, then click **Delete**.
```
